Jk/cumulus 2519 (#2237)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- **CUMULUS-2519**

>   - Update @cumulus/integration-tests.buildWorkflow to fail if provider/collectAPI response is not successful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Update @cumulus/integration-tests.buildWorkflow to fail if provider/collection API response is not successful
```
